Texto que ocupo
You can reveal 1 Ritual Monster in your hand: Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card is Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Libromancer" Spell from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Libromancer Geek Boy" once per turn.
During the Main or Battle Phase, if you took damage by battle or an opponent's card effect this turn (Quick Effect): You can send this card from your hand to the GY; Special Summon 1 "Dark Magician" or "Dark Magician Girl" from your Deck or GY. If a face-up Spellcaster monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect: You can add this card from your GY to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Magikuriboh" once per turn.
You can send 1 Spellcaster monster, or 1 Spell/Trap that mentions "Dark Magician", from your hand or face-up field to the GY; Special Summon this card from your hand. During your Main Phase: You can Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as material, including a Spellcaster monster. You can only use each effect of "Timaeus the United Dragon" once per turn.
Other cards you control cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects. You can only use each of the following effects of "Blue-Eyes Jet Dragon" once per turn, and can only activate them while "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" is on your field or in your GY. If a card(s) on the field is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon this card from the GY (if it was there when the card was destroyed) or hand (even if not). At the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles: You can target 1 card your opponent controls; return it to the hand.
While you control a "Blue-Eyes" monster, you choose the attack targets for your opponent's attacks. You can only use each of the following effects of "Dictator of D." once per turn. You can send 1 "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" from your hand or Deck to the GY; Special Summon this card from your hand. You can discard 1 "Blue-Eyes White Dragon", or 1 card that mentions it, then target 1 "Blue-Eyes" monster in your GY; Special Summon it.
If a face-up card is in a Field Zone, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Icejade Kosmochlor" once per turn this way. While "Icejade Cenote Enion Cradle" is on the field, monsters your opponent controls can only activate their effects the turn they are Summoned. If your "Icejade" monster battles an opponent's monster, that opponent's monster loses 1000 ATK during that damage calculation only.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Icejade" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand. When your opponent activates a card or effect that targets this card, or targets this card for an attack (Quick Effect): You can activate this effect; the next time this card would be destroyed by battle or card effect this turn, it is not destroyed, also Special Summon 1 WATER monster from your hand or GY, except "Icejade Aegirine", but return it to the hand during the End Phase. You can only use each effect of "Icejade Aegirine" once per turn.
You can target 1 WATER monster you control; equip this card from your hand or field to it. An "Icejade" monster equipped with this card can attack while in Defense Position. If it does, apply its DEF for damage calculation. While this card is equipped to a monster: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls with ATK less than or equal to the equipped monster's DEF; Special Summon this card, and if you do, return that targeted monster to the hand. You can only use this effect of "Icejade Creation Kingfisher" once per turn.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can Set 1 "Dinomorphia" Trap directly from your Deck to your Spell & Trap Zone, then if your LP are 2000 or less, this card gains 500 ATK. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can banish 1 Trap from your GY; Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Dinomorphia" monster from your GY, except "Dinomorphia Therizia". You can only use each effect of "Dinomorphia Therizia" once per turn.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 "Dinomorphia" card from your Deck to the GY, then if your LP are 2000 or less, inflict 500 damage to your opponent. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can banish 1 Trap from your GY; Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Dinomorphia" monster from your GY, except "Dinomorphia Diplos". You can only use each effect of "Dinomorphia Diplos" once per turn.
If you control a "D/D" monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position. If this card is Pendulum Summoned: You can discard 1 "D/D" or "Dark Contract" card; draw 1 card. If this card is Special Summoned from the GY: You can add 1 "D/D" card from your Deck to your hand, except "D/D Gryphon". You can only use each effect of "D/D Gryphon" once per turn.
If this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 "S-Force" monster in your GY, except "S-Force Lapcewell"; Special Summon it. You can banish 1 "S-Force" card from your hand; destroy all of your opponent's monsters in the same columns as your "S-Force" monsters. You can only use each effect of "S-Force Lapcewell" once per turn.
If a monster you control would be used as Link Material for an "S-Force" monster, this card in your hand can also be used as material. During the Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can return this card to the hand, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Level 2 or higher "S-Force" monster from your hand. If an "S-Force" monster you control would banish a card(s) from your hand to activate its effect, you can banish this card from your GY instead. You can only use each effect of "S-Force Retroactive" once per turn.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 Level 4 or lower "Magnet Warrior" monster from your Deck to the GY, except "Epsilon The Magnet Warrior"; this card's name becomes the sent monster's name (until the End Phase), then you can Special Summon 1 "Magnet Warrior" or "Magna Warrior" monster from your GY with a different name than the cards you control. You can only use this effect of "Epsilon The Magnet Warrior" once per turn.
You can banish 1 "The Agent of Creation - Venus" from your GY; Special Summon this card from your hand. You can pay LP in multiples of 500, then target 1 of your "Mystical Shine Ball" that is banished or in your GY for every 500 LP paid; Special Summon them, but place them on the bottom of the Deck when they leave the field. You can only use 1 "The Agent of Destruction - Venus"  effect per turn, and only once that turn.
While face-up on the field, this card is also WIND-Attribute. You can only use each of the following effects of "Simorgh, Bird of Perfection" once per turn. During your Main Phase, if you Normal or Special Summon a Winged Beast monster(s): You can reveal this card in your hand; immediately after this effect resolves, Normal Summon 1 "Simorgh" monster. If this card is Normal Summoned: You can send 1 "Simorgh" monster from your Deck to the GY; add 1 "Simorgh" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Chaos Form". You can reveal this card in your hand; add 1 "Dark Magician", or 1 non-Ritual Monster that specifically lists that card in its text, from your Deck to your hand, then place 1 card from your hand on top of the Deck. When your opponent activates a monster effect (Quick Effect): You can return this card to the hand, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Dark Magician" from your GY, and if you do that, negate that activated effect. You can only use each effect of "Illusion of Chaos" once per turn.
If this card is Fusion Summoned: You can target 1 LIGHT or DARK monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can Tribute 1 LIGHT and 1 DARK monster; banish all monsters your opponent controls. If this Fusion Summoned card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 Spell in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Master of Chaos" once per turn.
Must first be either Fusion Summoned, or Special Summoned from your Extra Deck by Tributing 1 "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" equipped with a Fusion Monster. Unaffected by Trap Cards or effects. This card can attack all monsters your opponent controls, once each. Once per turn, at the end of the Damage Step, if this card battled: You can target 1 Trap in your GY; Set it to your Spell & Trap Zone.
Loses ATK equal to your LP. You can only use each of the following effects of "Dinomorphia Kentregina" once per turn. During the Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can pay half your LP and banish 1 "Dinomorphia" Normal Trap from your GY; this effect becomes that Trap's effect when that card is activated. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Dinomorphia" monster from your GY.
While your LP are 2000 or less, you do not pay LP to activate Trap Cards or "Dinomorphia" monster effects. You can only use each of the following effects of "Dinomorphia Stealthbergia" once per turn. When your opponent activates a monster effect (Quick Effect): You can inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster's original ATK. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Dinomorphia" monster from your GY.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters. If this card is Special Summoned: You can declare 1 Attribute; this card gains the following effect. All face-up monsters become that Attribute. You can target 1 monster in your opponent's Main Monster Zone; your opponent must send 1 card from among its adjacent Monster Zones or Spell & Trap Zones to the GY. You can only use each effect of "Maple Maiden" once per turn.
2 Level 10 Fiend monsters. You can also Xyz Summon this card by using a "D/D/D" monster you control as material. (Transfer its materials to this card.) You can only control 1 "D/D/D Deviser King Deus Machinex" in your Monster Zone. Once per Chain, when a Monster Card your opponent controls activates its effect (Quick Effect): You can either detach 2 materials from this card, or destroy 1 "Dark Contract" card you control, and if you do, attach that opponent's card to this card as material. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: You can place this card in your Pendulum Zone.
If you use a monster(s) with a Level that is owned by your opponent for the Xyz Summon of this card, treat it as Level 8. Neither player can target this card with effects of Special Summoned monsters, except those Special Summoned from the GY. You can detach 1 material from this card; each player sends the top 4 cards from their Deck to the GY, then if any monsters were sent to either GY by this effect, you can Special Summon 1 of those monsters to your field. You can only use this effect of "The Zombie Vampire" once per turn.
2 monsters, including a DARK monster (This card is always treated as a "Familiar-Possessed" card.). You can target 1 DARK monster in your opponent's GY; Special Summon it to your zone this card points to. If this Link Summoned card is destroyed by battle, or is destroyed by an opponent's card effect while in its owner's Monster Zone: You can add 1 DARK monster with 1500 or less DEF from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Dharc the Dark Charmer, Gloomy" once per turn.
When you activate this card: You can reveal 1 "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" in your hand; Special Summon 1 monster from your hand. Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster you control; return that face-up monster to the hand, then you can apply the following effect, based on the original name of the card returned to the hand.●"Blue-Eyes White Dragon": Special Summon 1 monster from your hand.●Other: Special Summon 1 "Blue-Eyes" monster from your hand. You can only activate 1 "Vision with Eyes of Blue" per turn.
During the Main Phase: Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck that mentions "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" or "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon" as material, by shuffling the Fusion Materials listed on it from your hand, field, and/or GY into the Deck, then, you can destroy face-up cards your opponent controls, up to the number of "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" and "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon" used from the field as material. You can only activate 1 "Ultimate Fusion" per turn.
When this card is activated: You can add 1 of your "Icejade" monsters that is banished or in your GY to your hand. Once per turn, if a monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 WATER monster you control; that monster, along with any face-up monsters your opponent currently controls, loses ATK equal to the targeted monster's original ATK, until the end of this turn. You can only activate 1 "Icejade Cenote Enion Cradle" per turn.
This card can be used to Ritual Summon any "Dogmatika" Ritual Monster from your hand or GY. You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field, and/or banish Fusion or Synchro Monsters from your GY, whose total Levels equal or exceed the Level of the Ritual Monster you Ritual Summon, then, if both "White Knight of Dogmatika" and "White Relic of Dogmatika" are on the field, you can look at either your Extra Deck or your opponent's, and send 1 monster from it to the GY. You can only activate 1 "Dogmatikamacabre" per turn.
If your opponent Special Summons a monster(s) with the same card type (Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, or Link) as a "D/D/D" monster you control (except during the Damage Step): You can inflict 1000 damage to your opponent, also, while this card is on the field, your opponent cannot Special Summon monsters with the same card type as that Special Summoned monster for the rest of this turn. If this card is sent to the GY: You can add 1 "D/D" monster from your GY, or 1 face-up "D/D" Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck, to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Dark Contract with Patent License" once per turn.
Activate this card by placing 7 counters on it. Each time an "Ursarctic" monster(s) is Special Summoned from the hand or Extra Deck: You can remove 1 counter from this card; draw 1 card. Once per turn, during the End Phase: You can target 1 "Ursarctic" card in your GY, except "Ursarctic Radiation"; shuffle it into the Deck. You can only control 1 "Ursarctic Radiation".
Banish 1 Winged Beast monster from your hand or face-up field; add 1 "Floowandereeze" monster or "Floowandereeze" Field Spell from your Deck to your hand, then gain 500 LP. You can only activate 1 "Floowandereeze and the Advent of Adventure" per turn.
If your LIGHT Machine Union Monster Card is banished (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon 1 "X-Head Cannon", "Y-Dragon Head", or "Z-Metal Tank" from your Deck. You can return 1 Fusion Monster you control to the Extra Deck; Special Summon up to 2 of your banished monsters with different names, from among "X-Head Cannon", "Y-Dragon Head", and "Z-Metal Tank". You can only use each effect of "XYZ Combine" once per turn.
Target 1 face-up monster you control; destroy it, and if you do, Special Summon 1 monster from your Deck in Defense Position, with a different original Type and Attribute, whose Level is lower than that monster's original Level, but negate its effects. You can only activate 1 "Clear New World" per turn.
Declare 1 card name; for the rest of this turn, your opponent cannot activate cards, or the effects of cards, with the same original name as that declared card. The same restrictions apply to you, but for the rest of this Duel instead of just this turn. You can only activate 1 "Sales Ban" per turn.
You can target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; destroy 1 "Icejade" monster you control, and if you do, negate the targeted card's effects until the end of this turn. If a face-up WATER monster you control leaves the field by an opponent's card, except by being destroyed (and except during the Damage Step): You can add to your hand or Special Summon, 1 "Icejade" monster from your Deck. You can only use each effect of "Icejade Erosion" once per turn.
During the Main Phase: Pay half your LP; Fusion Summon 1 "Dinomorphia" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand, Deck, or field as material. When your opponent activates a card or effect, while your LP are 2000 or less: You can banish this card from your GY; you take no effect damage from your opponent's card effects this turn. You can only activate 1 "Dinomorphia Domain" per turn.
Pay half your LP; Special Summon up to 2 "Dinomorphia" monsters from your GY whose total Levels equal 8 or less, but you cannot declare an attack with them this turn, also you cannot Special Summon for the rest of this turn, except "Dinomorphia" monsters. When your opponent activates a card or effect, while your LP are 2000 or less: You can banish this card from your GY; you take no effect damage from your opponent's card effects this turn. You can only activate 1 "Dinomorphia Alert" per turn.
Pay half your LP; destroy 1 "Dinomorphia" monster you control and 1 card your opponent controls. When your opponent activates a card or effect, while your LP are 2000 or less: You can banish this card from your GY; you take no effect damage from your opponent's card effects this turn. You can only activate 1 "Dinomorphia Brute" per turn.
At the start of your opponent's Battle Phase: Pay half your LP; Special Summon 1 "Dinomorphia Token" (Dinosaur/DARK/Level 10/ATK 0/DEF 3000), and if you do, for the rest of this turn, while you control that Token in your Monster Zone, your opponent cannot target other monsters for attacks, except that one. During damage calculation, while your LP are 2000 or less, if you would take battle damage: You can banish this card from your GY; you take no battle damage from that battle. You can only activate 1 "Dinomorphia Shell" per turn.
When your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card, while you control a "Dinomorphia" monster: Pay half your LP; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card, then, destroy 1 "Dinomorphia" monster you control. During damage calculation, while your LP are 2000 or less, if you would take battle damage: You can banish this card from your GY; you take no battle damage from that battle. You can only activate 1 "Dinomorphia Sonic" per turn.
If you control a "Dinomorphia" Fusion Monster: Pay half your LP and banish 1 Counter Trap from your GY; this effect becomes that Counter Trap's effect when that card is activated. During damage calculation while your LP are 2000 or less, if you would take battle damage: You can banish this card from your GY; you take no battle damage from that battle. You can only activate 1 "Dinomorphia Reversion" per turn.
If you control a "D/D/D" monster: Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; take control of it until the End Phase of the next turn, but its effects are negated, it cannot declare an attack, also if it is a monster Special Summoned from the Extra Deck, it is also treated as a "D/D/D" monster. You can only activate 1 "D/D/D Headhunt" per turn.
You can reveal 1 Ritual Monster in your hand: Special Summon this card from your hand. During your opponent's turn (Quick Effect): You can Ritual Summon 1 "Libromancer" Ritual Monster from your hand, by Tributing monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal or exceed its Level. You can only use each effect of "Libromancer Magigirl" once per turn.
You can reveal 1 Ritual Monster in your hand: Special Summon this card from your hand. You can target 1 "Libromancer" card in your GY, except "Libromancer Agent"; add it to your hand, then if you added a Spell/Trap by this effect, place 1 card from your hand on the bottom of the Deck. You can only use each effect of "Libromancer Agent" once per turn.
You can Ritual Summon this card with a "Libromancer" card. If this card is Ritual Summoned by using a monster(s) on the field, it cannot be destroyed, or banished, by card effects. Gains 200 ATK/DEF each time your opponent activates a card or effect, while you control this card with ATK less than 3000 in the Monster Zone.
You can Ritual Summon this card with a "Libromancer" card. If this card is Ritual Summoned by using a monster(s) on the field, it can attack directly. You can only use each of the following effects of "Libromancer Doombroker" once per turn. During your Main Phase: You can Set 1 "Libromancer" Trap directly from your Deck. When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; shuffle it into the Deck.
When this card is activated: You can add 1 "Libromancer" monster from your Deck to your hand, with a different name than the cards you control. During your Main Phase: You can Ritual Summon 1 "Libromancer" Ritual Monster from your hand, by Tributing monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal or exceed its Level. You can only activate 1 "Libromancer First Appearance" per turn.
When your opponent activates a card or effect: Target 1 "Libromancer" Ritual Monster you control; return it to the hand, and if you do, negate that activated effect, then you can Special Summon 1 "Libromancer" monster from your hand or GY. You can only activate 1 "Libromancer Intervention" per turn.
This dinosaur pack leader with a burning head of stone is named after his finishing move.
Welcome to our house! Here I live with Cologne, Grandpa Demetto, and all the other dolls!
Even if we get damaged, it's okay. Grandpa Demetto can patch us up!
During damage calculation, if you would take battle damage from an opponent's monster's attack (Quick Effect): You can Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, the damage you take from that battle is halved, also end the Battle Phase after the Damage Step. You can target 1 face-up monster you control; this card's Level becomes the same as that monster's, until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Smoke Mosquito" once per turn.
If this card is in your GY: You can send 1 Level 5 or higher monster from your hand to the GY; Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. If this card is destroyed by battle, or if this card in its owner's possession is destroyed by an opponent's card effect: You can target 1 card your opponent controls; banish it. You can only use each effect of "Nowru Aries the Vernal Dragon" once per turn.
During your opponent's Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can target 1 Effect Monster on the field; discard 1 monster, and if you do, negate that monster's effect until the end of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Groza, Tyrant of Thunder" once per turn. If a Fiend monster(s) is sent from the hand to your GY (except during the Damage Step): You can apply 1 of the following effects to this card, until the end of this turn.
When this card is activated: Add 1 "Grandpa Demetto" or "Box of Friends" from your Deck to your hand. While you control "Princess Cologne", your opponent's monsters cannot target monsters with 0 ATK or DEF for attacks. Once per turn: You can destroy 1 monster in your hand or field, and if you do, send 1 "Doll Monster" card from your Deck to the GY, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Xyz Monsters. You can only activate "Doll Happiness" once per turn.
If your opponent controls a monster whose current ATK is higher than its original ATK, while you control no monsters: Draw 2 cards. You can only activate 1 "Smile Potion" per turn.
You can reveal 1 Ritual Monster in your hand: Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card is Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Libromancer" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Libromancer Fire". You can only use each effect of "Libromancer Fire" once per turn.
● You can target 1 "Therion" monster or 1 Warrior monster in your GY; Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, equip that monster to this card.
● You can target 1 "Therion" monster or 1 Aqua monster in your GY; Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, equip that monster to this card.
● You can target 1 "Therion" monster or 1 Psychic monster in your GY; Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, equip that monster to this card.
● You can target 1 "Therion" monster or 1 Plant monster in your GY; Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, equip that monster to this card.
● You can target 1 "Therion" monster or 1 Machine monster in your GY; Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, equip that monster to this card.
If this card is in your hand: You can target 1 monster you control with a different Type and Attribute than this card; destroy that monster, and if you do, Special Summon this card. You can only use this effect of "Visas Starfrost" once per turn. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can make this card gain ATK equal to half the original ATK or DEF of that monster (whichever is higher, your choice if tied).
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) to your Main Monster Zone, adjacent to a "Scareclaw" monster you control or in its column. You can only Special Summon "Scareclaw Astra" once per turn this way. Your "Scareclaw" monsters in the Extra Monster Zone(s) can attack a number of times each Battle Phase, up to the number of Defense Position "Scareclaw" monsters you control with different names.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) to your Main Monster Zone, adjacent to a "Scareclaw" monster you control or in its column. You can only Special Summon "Scareclaw Belone" once per turn this way. If your "Scareclaw" monster in the Extra Monster Zone attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) to your Main Monster Zone, adjacent to a "Scareclaw" monster you control or in its column. You can only Special Summon "Scareclaw Acro" once per turn this way. Your "Scareclaw" monsters in the Extra Monster Zone(s) gain 300 ATK for each Defense Position monster you control.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) to your Main Monster Zone, adjacent to a "Scareclaw" monster you control or in its column. You can only Special Summon "Scareclaw Reichheart" once per turn this way. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Scareclaw" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand, then, if 3 or more Defense Position monsters are on the field, you can draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Scareclaw Reichheart" once per turn.
If this card is sent to the GY: You can add 1 "Predaplant" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Predaplant Byblisp". If a monster with a Predator Counter is on the field: You can Special Summon this card from your GY, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use each effect of "Predaplant Byblisp" once per turn.
If this card is sent to the GY or added to your Extra Deck face-up because it was used as Fusion Material: You can add 1 face-up DARK Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck to your hand, except "Predaplant Bufolicula". You can only use this effect of "Predaplant Bufolicula" once per turn.
If this card is sent to the GY or added to your Extra Deck face-up because it was used as Fusion Material: You can choose monsters on the field, up to the number of monsters you control, and place 1 Predator Counter on each one, and if you do, any of those monsters that are Level 2 or higher become Level 1 as long as they have a Predator Counter.
During the Main Phase, if you control no monsters, or you control an "Adventurer Token" (Quick Effect): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If you control an "Adventurer Token" (Quick Effect): You can target up to 2 cards your opponent controls; give control of this card to them, and if you do, return the targeted cards to the hand. You can only use each effect of "Illegal Knight" once per turn.
At the start of your opponent's Battle Phase: You can target any number of Attack Position monsters your opponent controls; this turn, while this card is in your Monster Zone, those monsters must attack this card, if able. Once per turn, when an attack is declared involving this card and an opponent's Attack Position monster: You can negate that attack, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to half that opponent's monster's original ATK.
You can Set this card from your hand to your Spell & Trap Zone as a Spell. Once per turn, during the Standby Phase of the next turn after this Set card was destroyed and sent to the GY: You can Special Summon this card, then destroy all cards your opponent controls in this card's column.
While "Umi" is not on the field, this card gains 700 ATK, also it cannot attack directly. If "Umi" is on the field: You can target 1 face-up non-WATER monster on the field; destroy it. You can only use this effect of "Amphibious Bugroth MK-11" once per turn.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 Aqua monster from your Deck to your GY, except "Supreme Sea Mare". During your End Phase: You can Tribute this card, then target 1 Aqua monster in your GY, except "Supreme Sea Mare"; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Supreme Sea Mare" once per turn.
FLIP: Change as many other monsters on the field as possible to face-down Defense Position, then, return as many face-up Spells/Traps as possible from the field to the hand, then, each player can Set Spells/Traps from their hand, up to the number returned to their own hand by this effect. You can only use this effect of "Reverse Jar" once per turn.
This card on the field can be treated as a Level 8 monster when used for a Synchro Summon. A Synchro Monster that used this card as material gains this effect based on its original Level. ●8 or lower: Gains 800 ATK/DEF. ●9 or higher: If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Odd-Eyes Advent". Must be either Ritual Summoned, or Pendulum Summoned from your hand. Each time your opponent Special Summons a monster(s) from the Extra Deck, inflict 300 damage to them. Once per turn, when your opponent activates a Spell Card or effect (Quick Effect): You can place this card in your Pendulum Zone, and if you do, negate that effect, then, if you placed this Ritual Summoned card in the Pendulum Zone, you can Special Summon 1 "Odd-Eyes" monster from your Extra Deck.
Cannot be used as Fusion Material. Must be either Fusion Summoned, or Special Summoned by sending the above cards from any Monster Zones to the GY. This card can attack monsters a number of times each Battle Phase, up to the number of materials used for it. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was sent there this turn: You can add 1 "Polymerization" Normal Spell or "Fusion" Normal Spell from your Deck to your hand.
1 DARK Fusion Monster + 1 Fusion Monster. (This card is always treated as a "Predaplant" card.) Once per turn, when a card or effect is activated (Quick Effect): You can Tribute 1 monster on either field with a Predator Counter, and if you do, negate the activation. If this Fusion Summoned card you control is sent to your GY by an opponent's card: You can target 1 DARK monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Starving Venom Predapower Fusion Dragon" once per turn.
Your opponent cannot activate the effects of monsters they control that have ATK greater than or equal to your LP. You can only use each of the following effects of "Dinomorphia Rexterm" once per turn. (Quick Effect): You can pay half your LP; the ATK of all monsters your opponent currently controls become equal to your LP, until the end of this turn. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 Level 6 or lower "Dinomorphia" monster from your GY.
During your opponent's turn (Quick Effect): You can target 1 Zombie monster in your GY, except "Red-Eyes Zombie Dragon Lord"; Special Summon it. If this card is in your GY: You can banish 1 Zombie monster you control; Special Summon this card. You can only use each effect of "Red-Eyes Zombie Dragon Lord" once per turn.
If this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls or in their GY; banish it. If a monster(s) is Special Summoned from the GY while this monster is face-up on the field (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 other face-up monster on the field; negate its effects until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Skeletal Dragon Felgrand" once per turn.
During your Main Phase: You can send 1 Zombie monster from your Deck to the GY, and if you do, this card's Level becomes the difference between its original Level and the sent monster's. When your Zombie monster is destroyed by battle while this card is in your GY: You can Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use each effect of "Immortal Dragon" once per turn.
While your LP are equal to or lower than your opponent's, this Synchro Summoned card is unaffected by your opponent's activated effects. Once per turn: You can pay 1000 LP, then target 1 monster you control and 1 card your opponent controls; banish them. At the start of the Battle Phase: You can make this card gain ATK equal to the difference between your LP and your opponent's.
If this card is Link Summoned to the Extra Monster Zone: You can pay 1200 LP; add 1 Pendulum Monster from your Deck to your hand, but for the rest of this turn, you cannot activate monster effects, also the effects of cards in your Pendulum Zones are negated, until you Pendulum Summon. If 2 monsters with different original Levels are Pendulum Summoned at the same time to the zones this card points to: You can target 2 cards on the field; destroy them. You can only use this effect of "Beyond the Pendulum" once per turn.
Must be Link Summoned. All face-up monsters on the field are changed to Defense Position. Unaffected by the activated effects of Defense Position monsters. Once per turn, if this card is in the Extra Monster Zone: You can target 1 Level 3 "Scareclaw" monster in your GY; Special Summon it, and if you do, add 1 "Scareclaw" monster from your Deck to your hand, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Scareclaw" monsters.
If this card is Link Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 of your banished "The Weather" monsters. If this Link Summoned card is destroyed: You can Special Summon 1 "The Weather Painter Rainbow" from your Extra Deck. "The Weather" Effect Monsters this card points to gain the following effect.
During your Main Phase this turn, you can conduct 1 Pendulum Summon of a monster(s) from your Extra Deck in addition to your Pendulum Summon. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.)
When this card is activated: You can add 1 "Therion" monster from your Deck to your hand. Once per turn, if your monster would be destroyed by battle, you can send 1 "Therion" card or 1 "Endless Engine Argyro System" from your Deck to the GY instead. Once per turn, when a monster is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY: You can target 1 "Therion" monster in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Therion Discolosseum" per turn.
Send 1 "Therion" card from your Deck to the GY. If this card is in your GY: You can target 1 "Therion" card in your GY; if both are still in your GY, add either that card or this card to your hand, and if you do, place the other on the bottom of your Deck. You can only use 1 "Endless Engine Argyro System" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
Send 1 "Therion" card, except "Therion Charge", or 1 "Endless Engine Argyro System" from your hand or your face-up Spell & Trap Zone to the GY; draw 2 cards. You can only activate 1 "Therion Charge" per turn.
While an "Icejade" monster and "Icejade Cenote Enion Cradle" are on the field, your opponent cannot activate the effects of monsters that were Summoned that turn. When a monster is destroyed by battle involving your "Icejade" monster: You can target 1 of those destroyed monsters; inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster's original ATK. You can only use this effect of "Icejade Curse" once per turn.
Target 1 monster your opponent controls that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck and 1 Fusion Monster you control; shuffle them into the Deck(s), also, during the End Phase of this turn, each player can Special Summon 1 Fusion Monster that mentions "Fallen of Albaz" as material from their own Extra Deck. You can only activate 1 "Branded Loss" per turn.
When this card is activated: You can add 1 "Scareclaw" monster or "Visas Starfrost" from your Deck to your hand. Monsters your opponent controls lose 100 ATK/DEF for each Defense Position monster on the field. If 3 or more Defense Position monsters are on the field: You can target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy it. You can only use this effect of "Primitive Planet Reichphobia" once per turn. You can only activate 1 "Primitive Planet Reichphobia" per turn.
Target 1 "Scareclaw" monster or "Visas Starfrost" in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position. If a "Scareclaw" Link Monster(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can banish this card from your GY instead. You can only use this effect of "Scareclaw Arrival" once per turn.
Target 1 Zombie monster in either GY; banish 1 monster with the same name from your Deck or Extra Deck, and if you do, Special Summon the targeted monster to your field. If this card is in your GY: You can shuffle 1 of your banished Zombie monsters into the Deck, and if you do, Set this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use 1 "Zombie Reborn" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
When this card is activated: You can place 1 "The Weather" Spell/Trap from your Deck face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone. You can only use each of the following effects of "The Weather Forecast" once per turn. If you Link Summon a "The Weather" Link Monster, you can also use face-up "The Weather" cards in your Spell & Trap Zone as "The Weather" monsters for its Link Summon. During your Main Phase, you can: Immediately after this effect resolves, Normal Summon 1 "The Weather" monster from your hand. You can only activate 1 "The Weather Forecast" per turn.
When your opponent activates a monster effect, while you control a "Therion" monster: You can activate 1 of these effects; ●Negate that effect. ●Banish that monster. If you have "Endless Engine Argyro System" in your GY at activation, you can activate both effects (at resolution, negate, then banish). You can only activate 1 "Therion Cross" per turn.
Target 1 "Therion" monster in your GY; Special Summon it, then you can equip 1 "Therion" monster from your hand or GY to it. During the Main Phase: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 2 "Therion" monsters (1 on your field and 1 in your GY); equip that monster from your GY to the other monster you control. You can only use 1 "Therion Stand Up!" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
Target 1 "Despia" monster or 1 Level 8 or higher Fusion Monster in your GY; Special Summon it, then you can apply this effect. ●Fusion Summon 1 Level 8 or higher Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, by banishing Fusion Materials listed on it from either field. You can only activate 1 "Branded Banishment" per turn.
Ritual Summon 1 "Dogmatika" Ritual Monster from your hand or Deck by Tributing "Dogmatika" monsters and/or Ritual, Fusion, or Synchro Monsters from your field whose total Levels exactly equal the Level of the Ritual Monster you Ritual Summon. If this card is in your GY: You can banish this card, then target 2 "Dogmatika" monsters with different Levels in your GY; add 1 of them to your hand, and place the other on the bottom of your Deck. You can only use 1 "Dogmatikaturgy" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
Once per turn: You can target 1 "Scareclaw" monster or "Visas Starfrost" you control; it can attack while in face-up Defense Position this turn. If it does, apply its ATK or DEF (whichever is higher) for damage calculation. When your opponent activates a card or effect, while you control a "Scareclaw" monster in the Extra Monster Zone: You can send this face-up card to the GY; negate that effect. You can only use this effect of "Scareclaw Sclash" once per turn.
Tribute 3 "Scareclaw" monsters; for the rest of this turn, your opponent can only Special Summon monsters in Defense Position. During your turn: You can banish this card from your GY; inflict 100 damage to your opponent for each Defense Position monster on the field. You can only use this effect of "Scareclaw Alternative" once per turn.
Banish 1 Zombie monster from either GY and Special Summon 2 "Haunted Tokens" (Zombie/DARK/ATK 0/DEF 0) with the same Level as the banished monster. If this card is in your GY: You can shuffle 1 of your banished Zombie monsters into the Deck, and if you do, Set this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use 1 "Haunted Zombies" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
During your opponent's Main Phase: Pay half your LP; Fusion Summon 1 "Dinomorphia" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using only 1 monster from your Deck and 1 monster from your Extra Deck as Fusion Material. When your opponent activates a card or effect, while your LP are 2000 or less: You can banish this card from your GY; you take no effect damage from your opponent's card effects this turn. You can only activate 1 "Dinomorphia Frenzy" per turn.
Target up to 2 monsters your opponent controls; banish them until the End Phase, then your opponent gains 1000 LP for each monster that left the field by this effect.
When your opponent activates a monster effect in their hand: Negate that activation, then if they have any cards in their hand, you discard 1 card from their hand (of their choice).
2 Pendulum Monsters
You can Ritual Summon this card with a "Libromancer" card. If this card was Ritual Summoned by using a monster(s) on the field, your opponent cannot target Ritual Monsters you control with monster effects. If this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; until the end of this turn, change its ATK to 0, also negate its effects. You can only use this effect of "Libromancer Mystigirl" once per turn.
You can Ritual Summon this card with a "Libromancer" card. If this card was Ritual Summoned by using a monster(s) on the field, it cannot be destroyed by battle, also any battle damage it inflicts to your opponent is doubled. This card can make up to 2 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase. When a monster declares an attack: You can banish 1 "Libromancer" Ritual Monster from your GY; this card gains 200 ATK.
You can reveal 1 "Libromancer" Ritual Monster in your hand: Special Summon 1 "Fire Token" (Cyberse/FIRE/ATK 0/DEF 0) with the same Level as the revealed monster. While you control that Token, you cannot Special Summon monsters, except "Libromancer" monsters. You can only use this effect of "Libromancer Realized" once per turn.
This card can be used to Ritual Summon any "Libromancer" Ritual Monster. You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal or exceed the Level of the Ritual Monster you Ritual Summon. If you Ritual Summon "Libromancer Fireburst" with this effect, using "Libromancer Firestarter" on the field, it cannot be destroyed, or banished, by card effects.
Target 1 "Libromancer" monster you control and 1 monster your opponent controls; return your monster to the hand, and if you do, take control of that opponent's monster. If your "Libromancer" monster you targeted was not a Ritual Monster, the monster you took control of returns to the hand during the End Phase. You can only activate 1 "Libromancer Displaced" per turn.
If you control a "Libromancer" monster: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; this turn, that face-up monster cannot be used as material for a Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, or Link Summon. You can only use this effect of "Libromancer Prevented" once per turn. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if you control no "Libromancer" Ritual Monsters: Send this card to the GY.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position, and if you do, it cannot be destroyed by battle. If this card is Special Summoned: You can add 1 Spell/Trap that mentions an "Elemental HERO" monster's name or 1 "Polymerization" from your Deck to your hand. During your Main Phase: You can shuffle this card into the Deck, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Elemental HERO" Normal Monster from your Deck. You can only use each effect of "Elemental HERO Spirit of Neos" once per turn.
You can send this card from your hand or field to the GY; Special Summon 1 "Elemental HERO" or "Neo-Spacian" monster from your hand or GY, but if you Special Summoned it from the GY, negate its effects. If you Special Summon an "Elemental HERO" Fusion Monster(s) while this card is in your GY (except during the Damage Step): You can banish this card; draw 2 cards, then place 1 card from your hand on the bottom of the Deck. You can only use each effect of "Cross Keeper" once per turn.
"You can only use each of the following effects of ""Therion ""Empress"" Alasia"" once per turn. ●You can target 1 ""Therion"" monster or 1 Reptile monster in your GY; Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, equip that monster to this card. ●You can discard 1 card, then target 1 ""Therion"" Monster Card in your Spell & Trap Zone; Special Summon it. A ""Therion"" monster equipped with this card gains 700 ATK, also it can activate the 2nd effect listed above as if it were ""Therion ""Empress"" Alasia""."
You can target up to 3 "Therion" monsters in your GY; Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, equip the targeted monsters to this card. You can discard 1 "Endless Engine Argyro System"; destroy all cards your opponent controls. While this card is equipped to a monster: You can Special Summon this card, then equip to this card the monster it was equipped to. You can only use each effect of "Therion Irregular" once per turn.
A monster equipped with this card gains 400 ATK/DEF for each banished monster. You can only use 1 of the following effects of "Icejade Creation Aegirocassis" per turn, and only once that turn. If this card is in your hand or GY (Quick Effect): You can target 1 "Icejade" monster you control; equip this card to that monster you control. While this card is equipped to a monster: You can Special Summon this card.
This card's name becomes "Fallen of Albaz" while on the field or in the GY. While a Level 8 Fusion Monster is in your GY, this card gains 200 ATK for each monster in your GY, also your opponent cannot target other monsters you control with card effects. If a monster(s) you control leaves the field by an opponent's card effect, while this card and a Fusion Monster are in your GY (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card. You can only use this effect of "Albaz the Ashen" once per turn.
If your opponent controls a monster: You can discard this card; Set 1 "Fusion" Continuous Spell directly from your Deck, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except "Gem-Knight" monsters. If this card is used as material for a Fusion Summon, and sent to the GY or banished: You can add 1 "Gem-Knight" monster from your GY to your hand, except "Gem-Knight Quartz". You can only use each effect of "Gem-Knight Quartz" once per turn.
You can discard 1 "Gem-Knight" or "Melodious" card; Special Summon this card from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Brilliant Rose" once per turn. Once per turn: You can send 1 "Gem-Knight" or "Melodious" monster from your Extra Deck to the GY; this card's name, Type, and Attribute become the sent monster's original name, Type, and Attribute until the End Phase.
If your opponent Normal or Special Summons a monster(s) (except during the Damage Step), or if an opponent's monster targets this card for an attack: You can return this card to the hand, then you can Special Summon 2 "Melffy" monsters from your Deck with different names from each other, except "Melffy Wally". During your End Phase: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. You can only use each effect of "Melffy Wally" once per turn.
If a face-up Beast monster you control was returned to the hand this turn, except "Melffy Pinny" (Quick Effect): You can Special Summon this card from your hand, then immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 Synchro Monster using only this card you control and "Melffy" monsters in your hand. During your End Phase, if this card is in your GY: You can target 1 Beast Xyz Monster you control; attach this card to it as material. You can only use each effect of "Melffy Pinny" once per turn.
If you control no monsters, or only Xyz Monsters: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Exosister Elis" from your Deck. You cannot Special Summon monsters the turn you activate this effect, except "Exosister" monsters. If a card(s) moves out of either GY (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Exosister" Xyz Monster, using this face-up card you control as material. (This is treated as an Xyz Summon.) You can only use each effect of "Exosister Martha" once per turn.
During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, but while it is face-up in the Monster Zone, you cannot Special Summon monsters, except Plant monsters. When your opponent activates a monster effect, while you control a "Rikka" monster (Quick Effect): You can shuffle this card from your hand or GY into the Deck and Tribute 1 Plant monster; negate that effect. You can only use each effect of "Rikka Princess" once per turn.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target up to 2 other cards on the field; destroy them, and if you do, this card gains 600 ATK for each card destroyed. You can only use this effect of "Grandtusk Dragon" once per turn.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 face-up Monster Card in either player's Spell & Trap Zone; Special Summon it to your field. You can target 1 other face-up monster you control; equip that face-up monster to this card as an Equip Spell that gives it 500 ATK. You can only use each effect of "Eka the Flame Buddy" once per turn.
"Once per turn, if you control a monster(s) whose original Type is Beast, Insect, Plant, or Rock: You can declare 1 of those Types you control; this card becomes that declared Type. If this card has applied this effect, also apply the following effects while it remains in the Monster Zone. ●All face-up monsters on the field become the same Type as this card. ●Monsters on the field with this card's Type cannot be targeted by either player using the effects of monsters your opponent controls with that same Type."
You can discard this card; you can Normal Summon 1 EARTH or WATER monster during your Main Phase this turn, in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.) If you control an EARTH and WATER monster(s), while this card is in your GY: You can Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use each effect of "Cartorhyn the Hidden Gem of the Seafront" once per turn.
You can Tribute 1 monster; Special Summon from your Deck, 1 monster with the same original Type, Attribute, Level, and ATK/DEF as the Tributed monster, but with a different original name. If you Tributed a monster Special Summoned from the Extra Deck, you can Special Summon a monster from your Extra Deck instead that meets those same criteria. You can only use this effect of "Nightmell the Dark Bonder" once per turn.
The first time a "Gem-Knight" monster(s) you control would be destroyed by card effect during each opponent's turn, it is not destroyed. When your opponent activates a monster effect during your turn (Quick Effect): You can banish 1 "Gem-Knight" card from your GY, then target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; destroy it.
If this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; return it to the hand. If your opponent Normal or Special Summons a monster(s) (except during the Damage Step), or if an opponent's monster targets this card for an attack: You can return this card to the Extra Deck, then, you can Special Summon 1 "Melffy" Xyz Monster from your Extra Deck. You can only use each effect of "Merry Melffys" once per turn.
For this card's Link Summon, you can only use monsters in your Main Monster Zone as material. If this card is Link Summoned in the Extra Monster Zone: You can add 1 "Primitive Planet Reichphobia" from your Deck to your hand. If you control "Visas Starfrost": You can Special Summon this card from your GY. You can only use this effect of "Scareclaw Light-Heart" once per Duel.
Target 1 face-up monster on the field; reveal 1 "Elemental HERO", "Neo-Spacian", or Level 10 monster from your hand, Deck, or Extra Deck, and the targeted monster's name can be treated as the revealed monster's if used as Fusion Material this turn. Send the revealed monster to the GY if you have "Elemental HERO Neos" on your field or in your GY, otherwise shuffle it back into its Deck (if revealed from the hand, shuffle into the Main Deck). You can only activate 1 "Over Fusion" per turn.
If you Special Summon 1 Ritual Monster (and no other cards) by a Spell Card or effect (except during the Damage Step): You can look at either player's Extra Deck, and send 1 monster from it to the GY. If you Special Summon 1 Fusion Monster (and no other cards) by a Spell Card or effect (except during the Damage Step): You can target that monster; for the rest of this turn, it gains ATK equal to its original ATK, also it can only attack Attack Position monsters your opponent controls. You can only use each effect of "Branded in Central Dogmatika" once per turn.
"You can activate 1 of the following effects. ●Target 1 ""Scareclaw"" monster or 1 ""Visas Starfrost"" in your Monster Zone, and 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; your monster gains ATK/DEF equal to your opponent's monster's ATK or DEF (whichever is higher). ●When a card or effect is activated that targets a ""Scareclaw"" monster or ""Visas Starfrost"" you control: Negate that effect. You can only activate 1 ""Scareclaw Straddle"" per turn."
During your Main Phase, if your opponent controls a monster: You can Fusion Summon 1 non-Rock "Gem-Knight" monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your Deck as material, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except "Gem-Knight" monsters. You can only use this effect of "Scatter Fusion" once per turn. When this card leaves the field, destroy all monsters Summoned by this card's effect.
You can reveal 1 Beast monster in your hand; add 1 "Melffy" monster with a different name from your Deck or GY to your hand and place that revealed monster on the bottom of the Deck. You can only use this effect of "Melffy Staring Contest" once per turn. At the start of your opponent's Battle Phase: You can reveal any number of "Melffy" monsters in your hand and keep them revealed during this Battle Phase only. Monsters your opponent controls lose ATK equal to the combined ATK and DEF of the monsters revealed by this effect.
If you control a "Rikka" monster: You can Set 1 "Rikka" Spell/Trap directly from your Deck to your Spell & Trap Zone, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Plant monsters. You can only use this effect of "Rikka Konkon" once per turn. Once per turn, if you would Tribute a Plant monster you control to activate a "Rikka" card or effect, you can Tribute any 1 face-up monster your opponent controls, even though you do not control it.
During damage calculation, if a monster battles while a monster with 1000 or more ATK is on the field: The ATK of all monsters currently on the field becomes reduced by 1000 for every 1000 ATK they have, also their DEF becomes reduced by 1000 for every 1000 DEF they have. If this card is destroyed: Apply the above ATK/DEF adjustments to all monsters currently on the field, until the end of this turn.
Tribute 1 Fusion Monster, then target 2 non-Fusion Monsters that are banished and/or in either GY; Special Summon both monsters, 1 on each field. If you Tributed a Fusion Monster that mentions "Fallen of Albaz" as material to activate this card, you can Special Summon both monsters to your field instead, in Defense Position. You can only activate 1 "Branded Expulsion" per turn.
"If all monsters you control are ""Exosister"" monsters (min. 1): Pay 800 LP, then target 1 card your opponent controls or in their GY; banish it, then you can apply 1 of the following effects. ●Immediately after this effect resolves, Xyz Summon 1 ""Exosister"" Xyz Monster using monsters you control. ●If you Xyz Summoned this turn, banish 1 card your opponent controls. You can only activate 1 ""Exosister Returnia"" per turn."
Target 1 card your opponent controls and 1 card in their GY; send that card on the field to the GY, and if you do, Set the other card from the GY to your opponent's field. You can only activate 1 "Terrors of the Overroot" per turn.
Target any number of Set cards in your Spell & Trap Zone; return this card to the hand, along with as many of those Set cards as possible (min. 1), then you can Set Spells/Traps from your hand equal to the number of cards returned to your hand by this effect. You can only activate 1 "Double Dust Tornado Twins" per turn.
Any battle damage your opponent takes from battles involving this card is doubled. If this card is sent to the GY: You can draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Garura, Wings of Resonant Life" once per turn.
When a monster this card points to activates its effect (except during the Damage Step) (Quick Effect): You can target 1 Effect Monster your opponent controls; until the end of this turn, change its ATK to 0, also negate its effects. During the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was destroyed by battle or card effect and sent there this turn: You can Special Summon this card. You can only use each effect of "Pitknight Earlie" once per turn.
"Target 1 Machine monster you control; apply the following effect depending on its battle position. ●Attack Position: Special Summon 1 ""Morphtronic"" monster from your Deck with a different name than that targeted monster, then place that targeted monster on top of the Deck. ●Defense Position: Change that targeted monster to Attack Position, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Machine monster from your hand. You can only activate 1 ""Morphtronic Converter"" per turn."
All face-up monsters your opponent currently controls cannot be Tributed, or used as material for a Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, or Link Summon, until the end of this turn.
If you control a "Blackwing" monster other than "Blackwing - Vata the Emblem of Wandering", you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Blackwing - Vata the Emblem of Wandering" once per turn this way. During your Main Phase: You can send this card on the field to the GY along with 1 or more non-Tuner "Blackwing" monsters from your Deck, so that the total Levels sent equal exactly 8, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Black-Winged Dragon" from your Extra Deck, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except DARK monsters. You can only use this effect of "Blackwing - Vata the Emblem of Wandering" once per turn.
You can send this card from your hand or field to the GY; place 1 "Black Feather Whirlwind" from your Deck face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone. If a "Blackwing" Synchro Monster(s) and/or "Black-Winged Dragon" is Special Summoned to your field while this card is in your GY: You can banish this card, then target 1 "Blackwing" monster in your GY; add it to your hand, then take 700 damage. You can only use each effect of "Blackwing - Shamal the Sandstorm" once per turn.
You can send this card from your hand or field to the GY, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; send 1 "Blackwing" Synchro Monster or 1 "Black-Winged Dragon" from your Extra Deck to the GY, and if you do, until the end of this turn, the targeted monster loses 700 ATK, also negate its effects. This is a Quick Effect if you control a DARK Synchro Monster. You can only use this effect of "Blackwing - Chinook the Snow Blast" once per turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 card that mentions "Black-Winged Dragon" from your Deck to your hand, except "Blackwing - Sudri the Phantom Glimmer". You can Tribute 1 monster; Special Summon 1 "Phantom Glimmer Token" (Winged Beast/Tuner/DARK/Level 2/ATK 700/DEF 700), then you take 700 damage. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck the turn you activate this effect, except Synchro Monsters. You can only use this effect of "Blackwing - Sudri the Phantom Glimmer" once per turn.
You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck, except Synchro Monsters. You can only use 1 of the following effects of "Blackwing - Zonda the Dusk" per turn, and only once that turn. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 monster on the field; return it to the hand. You can banish this card from your GY; Special Summon 1 Level 5 or higher "Blackwing" monster from your hand or Deck, then take damage equal to its ATK.
You can target 1 LIGHT or DARK monster in either GY; banish it, and if you do, Special Summon this card from your hand. This is a Quick Effect if your opponent controls a monster. If this card is Special Summoned: You can activate this effect; during the End Phase of this turn, add 1 Dragon monster from your Deck or GY to your hand, except "Bystial Magnamhut". You can only use each effect of "Bystial Magnamhut" once per turn.
You can target 1 LIGHT or DARK monster in either GY; banish it, and if you do, Special Summon this card from your hand. This is a Quick Effect if your opponent controls a monster. If this card is sent to the GY: You can send 1 "Bystial" monster or 1 "Branded" Spell/Trap from your Deck to the GY, except "Bystial Saronir". You can only use each effect of "Bystial Saronir" once per turn.
You can target 1 LIGHT or DARK monster in either GY; banish it, and if you do, Special Summon this card from your hand. This is a Quick Effect if your opponent controls a monster. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can target 1 Special Summoned monster your opponent controls; send it to the GY. You can only use each effect of "Bystial Druiswurm" once per turn.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand or GY) by Tributing 1 Level 6 or higher DARK Dragon monster. You can only Special Summon "The Bystial Lubellion" once per turn this way. You can send this card from your hand to the GY; add 1 "Bystial" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "The Bystial Lubellion". During your Main Phase: You can place 1 "Branded" Continuous Spell/Trap from your Deck face-up on your field. You can only use each effect of "The Bystial Lubellion" once per turn.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand or GY) by Tributing 2 "Bystial" monsters. While this card, Summoned this way, is in the Monster Zone, negate the effects of all face-up Ritual, Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, and Link Monsters on the field. If this face-up card in its owner's control leaves the field because of an opponent's card effect: You can banish all face-down cards in the Extra Decks, face-up, until your opponent's End Phase.
If you control "Fallen of Albaz" or it is in your GY: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. During the Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can Fusion Summon 1 Level 8 or higher Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as material. During the End Phase, if a Fusion Monster(s) was sent to your GY this turn: You can add this card from the GY to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Blazing Cartesia, the Virtuous" once per turn.
If you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only use each of the following effects of "Kashtira Fenrir" once per turn. During your Main Phase: You can add 1 "Kashtira" monster from your Deck to your hand. When this card declares an attack, or if your opponent activates a monster effect (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; banish it, face-down.
If you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only use each of the following effects of "Kashtira Unicorn" once per turn. During your Main Phase: You can add 1 "Kashtira" Spell from your Deck to your hand. When this card declares an attack, or if your opponent activates a monster effect (except during the Damage Step): You can look at your opponent's Extra Deck, and if you do, banish 1 monster from it, face-down.
If you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only use each of the following effects of "Kashtira Ogre" once per turn. During your Main Phase: You can add 1 "Kashtira" Trap from your Deck to your hand. When this card declares an attack, or if your opponent activates a monster effect (except during the Damage Step): You can excavate up to 5 cards from the top of your opponent's Deck, banish 1 excavated card, face-down, and place the rest on the top of the Deck in the same order.
This card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effect the turn it was Special Summoned or flipped face-up. You can only use each of the following effects of "Tobari the Sky Ninja" once per turn. You can send this card from your hand to the GY; Special Summon 1 "Ninja" monster from your hand in face-up or face-down Defense Position. During your opponent's Main or Battle Phase (Quick Effect): You can Fusion Summon 1 "Ninja" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as material.
If you control a "Ninja" card or a face-down Defense Position monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. When your opponent activates a monster effect (Quick Effect): You can target 1 face-down Defense Position monster you control; change it to face-up Defense Position, and if you do, change this card to face-down Defense Position, then, if the targeted monster was a "Ninja" monster, except "Mitsu the Insect Ninja", negate that opponent's activated effect. You can only use each effect of "Mitsu the Insect Ninja" once per turn.
If this card is added to your hand, except by drawing it: You can Special Summon it. If this card is Special Summoned or flipped face-up: You can target 1 "Ninja" or "Ninjitsu Art" card from your GY or face-up Spell & Trap Zone, except "Baku the Beast Ninja"; return it to the hand. You can only use each effect of "Baku the Beast Ninja" once per turn.
If this card is Normal Summoned, Special Summoned, or flipped face-up: You can Special Summon 1 "Ninja" monster from your hand or GY in face-down Defense Position, except "Kagero the Cannon Ninja". When your opponent activates a card or effect that targets exactly 1 "Ninja" card or exactly 1 face-down Defense Position monster you control, while this card is in your GY (Quick Effect): You can Special Summon this card in face-down Defense Position, and if you do, return that targeted card to the hand. You can only use each effect of "Kagero the Cannon Ninja" once per turn.
During the Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Naturia" monster from your Deck, or you can Special Summon 2 "Naturia" monsters if your opponent controls a monster with the highest ATK on the field (even if it's tied). If your opponent Special Summons a monster(s) from the Extra Deck or you Special Summon a "Naturia" monster(s) from the Extra Deck, while this card is in your GY (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card. You can only use each effect of "Naturia Mole Cricket" once per turn.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 "Naturia" card from your Deck to the GY. If you would Tribute a monster(s) to activate a "Naturia" monster's effect, you can send the top 2 cards of your Deck to the GY instead. If your opponent Normal or Special Summons a monster(s) (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon 1 "Naturia" monster from your GY. You can only use each effect of "Naturia Camellia" once per turn.
(This card is always treated as an "Igknight" card.) If this card on the field is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Dracoslayer" or "Igknight" monster from your Deck, except "Ignis Phoenix, the Dracoslayer", and if you do, it is treated as a Tuner. You can only use this effect of "Ignis Phoenix, the Dracoslayer" once per turn.
(This card is always treated as a "Majespecter" card.) (Quick Effect): You can discard this card; for the rest of this turn, your opponent cannot target "Dracoslayer" monsters you control with card effects, also they cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects. If this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Dracoslayer" card, or Pendulum Summoned: You can add 1 Field Spell from your Deck to your hand, then discard 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Majesty Pegasus, the Dracoslayer" once per turn.
(This card is always treated as a "Dinomist" card.) If this card is Tributed: You can add 1 face-up "Dracoslayer" or "Dinomist" Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck to your hand, except "Dinomight Powerload, the Dracoslayer". You can only use this effect of "Dinomight Powerload, the Dracoslayer" once per turn.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 Spell/Trap "Fur Hire" from your Deck to your hand. During the Main Phase, if you control a monster "Fur Hire" (Quick Effect): You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 card "Fur Hire" in your GY; either add it to your hand, or Special Summon it if it was a monster. You can only use each effect of "Rex, Freight Fur Hire" once per turn.
If a monster(s) on the field is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the GY, while this card is in your GY: You can Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. If this card is Special Summoned from the GY: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy it. You can only use each effect of "Soul Scissors" once per turn.
While you control a Set card, your opponent cannot target this card with card effects, also it cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects. You can only use each of the following effects of "Lady Labrynth of the Silver Castle" once per turn. If a "Labrynth" card or effect or a Normal Trap Card was activated this turn, except "Lady Labrynth of the Silver Castle" (Quick Effect): You can Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position. When a Normal Trap Card is activated (Quick Effect): You can Set 1 Normal Trap with a different name directly from your Deck.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Fish Normal Monster from your hand, Deck, or GY. If this card is destroyed by battle, or if this card in its owner's possession is destroyed by an opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon any number of "Vilepawn Salmon Tokens" (Fish/WATER/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0). You can only use each effect of "Infernalqueen Salmon" once per turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can return all cards you control in the same column as the cards in your Pendulum Zones to the hand (including the Pendulum Zone cards themselves), then you can add 1 monster with 2400 ATK/1000 DEF from your Deck to your hand, except "Han-Shi Kyudo Spirit". Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Normal Summoned or flipped face-up this turn: Return this card to the hand.
If a face-up Spell/Trap is on the field: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. You can Tribute 1 Winged Beast monster, then target 1 face-up Spell/Trap on the field; return that face-up card to the hand, but for the rest of this turn, you cannot activate cards, or the effects of cards, with the same name that card had once it returned to the hand. This is a Quick Effect if all monsters you control are Winged Beast monsters (min. 1). You can only use each effect of "Laughing Puffin" once per turn.
After this card has been flipped face-up, during any Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can target 1 other face-up monster on either field; immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 monster using only this card and that target. You can only use 1 "Turbo-Tainted Hot Rod GT19" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
If this card is Special Summoned: You can roll a six-sided die, and if you roll a 1 or 6, destroy up to 2 cards on the field. If this card is sent to the GY: You can roll a six-sided die, and if you roll a 2, 3, 4, or 5, Special Summon this card. The player who Summoned it cannot Special Summon from the Extra Deck, while it is face-up in the Monster Zone.
This card in the Monster Zone is sent to the GY, except during the Battle Phase. At the start of the Battle Phase, if this card is in your GY: You can send 1 Plant monster from your hand or face-up field to the GY; Special Summon this card, then you can Special Summon 1 monster from either GY to your field, but send these Special Summoned monsters to the GY at the end of the Battle Phase. You can only use this effect of "Cucumber Horse" once per turn.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: Equip the top card of your Deck to this card as a face-down Equip Spell that gives it 500 ATK. During the End Phase: Your opponent calls the original type (Monster, Spell, or Trap) of that Equip Card equipped by this card's effect. If they called it right, send this card to the GY. If they called it wrong, discard 1 random card from your opponent's hand, and if you do, return this card to the hand. You can only use this effect of "Silent Wolf Calupo" once per turn.
Must first be either Fusion Summoned, or Special Summoned from your Extra Deck by Tributing the above cards you control. Your "Ninja" monsters can attack directly. While you control a face-down Defense Position monster, your opponent's monsters cannot target this card for attacks. When your opponent activates a card or effect (Quick Effect): You can Special Summon 1 "Ninja" monster from your Deck in face-up or face-down Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Meizen the Battle Ninja" once per turn.
When an attack is declared involving this card in the Extra Monster Zone: You can banish the top 2 cards of your opponent's Deck. Neither player takes any battle damage from attacks involving this card. If this card on the field is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 "Runick" Quick-Play Spell in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Freki the Runick Fangs" once per turn.
Must be either Synchro Summoned, or Special Summoned by banishing 1 Tuner Synchro Monster and 1 "Black-Winged Dragon" from your field and/or GY. Each time your opponent activates a monster effect, place 1 Black Feather Counter on this card immediately after it resolves, and if you do, inflict 700 damage to them. During your opponent's turn (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card with 4 or more Black Feather Counters; destroy all cards on the field.
If this card is Synchro Summoned: You can send 1 "Blackwing" monster from your Deck to the GY, and if you do, this card's Level becomes the same as that monster's. When this card destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the GY: You can banish 1 "Blackwing" monster from your GY or face-up field, except the destroyed monster; Special Summon the destroyed monster to your field in Defense Position. You can only use each effect of "Blackwing - Boreastorm the Wicked Wind" once per turn.
Once per Chain, during your opponent's Main Phase, you can (Quick Effect): Immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon using this card you control. If this card is in your GY: You can target 1 other Synchro Monster in your GY; return it to the Extra Deck, and if you do, Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use each effect of "Shamisen Samsara Sorrowcat" once per turn.
During each Standby Phase: You can Special Summon 1 "Kashtira" monster from your Deck. You can only use the previous effect of "Kashtira Shangri-Ira" once per turn. Each time a card(s) your opponent owns and possesses is banished face-down (except during the Damage Step): You can choose 1 unused Main Monster Zone or Spell & Trap Zone; it cannot be used while this monster is face-up on the field. If this card on the field would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can detach 1 material from this card instead.
Monsters you control gain 100 ATK/DEF for each card in your opponent's GY. (Quick Effect): You can target 1 card in your opponent's GY and detach 1 or 2 materials from this card, then activate the appropriate effect;
You can target 1 monster "Fur Hire" you control and 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy them. You can Tribute 1 monster; Special Summon 1 monster "Fur Hire" from your hand or GY with a different original name than the Tributed monster, then, if you Tributed a Link Monster to activate this effect, you can Special Summon 1 more such monster. You can only use 1 "Donner, Dagger Fur Hire" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
You can only control 1 "Worldsea Dragon Zealantis". You can only use each of the following effects of "Worldsea Dragon Zealantis" once per turn. During your Main Phase: You can banish all monsters on the field, then Special Summon as many monsters as possible that were banished by this effect, to their owners' fields, face-up, or in face-down Defense Position. During the Battle Phase (Quick Effect): You can destroy cards on the field up to the number of co-linked monsters on the field.
Cannot be used as Link Material the turn it is Link Summoned. If a monster(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can Tribute 1 Fiend monster instead. You can target 1 Fiend monster in your GY, except "Muckraker From the Underworld"; discard 1 card, and if you do, Special Summon that monster, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Fiend monsters. You can only use this effect of "Muckraker From the Underworld" once per turn.
Once per turn, if you Special Summon a DARK Synchro Monster from the Extra Deck (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 of your "Blackwing" monsters, or "Black-Winged Dragon", that is banished or in your GY, with less ATK than that Special Summoned monster; Special Summon it. Once per turn, if a DARK monster you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can remove 1 Black Feather Counter from your field instead.
If a LIGHT or DARK monster(s) is banished (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 of those monsters; place that monster on the bottom of the Deck, and if you do, draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Branded Regained" once per turn. Once per turn, if your opponent Normal or Special Summons a monster (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 "Bystial" monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can only activate this effect of "Branded Regained" once per Chain.
This card's name becomes "Great Sand Sea - Gold Golgonda" while on the field or in the GY. Once per turn, if a card(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can send 1 Fusion Monster that mentions "Fallen of Albaz" as material from your Extra Deck to the GY, instead. During the End Phase, if you have "Fallen of Albaz" on your field or in your GY: You can Special Summon 1 "Springans" monster from your hand or Deck. You can only use this effect of "Decisive Battle of Golgonda" once per turn.
If a Beast, Beast-Warrior, or Winged Beast monster is Special Summoned to your field (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 of your banished "Tri-Brigade" monsters; add it to your hand. After damage calculation, if your "Tri-Brigade" monster battled an opponent's monster: You can return the opponent's monster to the hand. You can only use each effect of "Tri-Brigade Showdown" once per turn.
Target 1 "Primitive Planet Reichphobia" you control or in your GY; return it to the hand, then, if you control "Visas Starfrost", you can change 1 face-up monster your opponent controls to face-down Defense Position. If 3 or more Defense Position monsters are on the field: You can banish this card from your GY; add 1 "Scareclaw" card from your GY to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Scareclaw Decline" once per turn.
You can Normal Summon Level 7 monsters without Tributing. During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon 1 of your non-Xyz "Kashtira" monsters that is banished or in your GY. If your opponent activates a Spell Card or effect, and you control a "Kashtira" monster: You can target 3 cards in your opponent's GY; banish them, face-down. You can only use each effect of "Kashtira Birth" once per turn.
If your opponent controls a card: You can Set up to 1 "Ninja" monster, and up to 1 "Ninjitsu Art" Spell/Trap, except "Ninjitsu Art Notebook of Mystery". These cards come from your Deck and/or GY, but only 1 can come from each. If this Set card on the field is sent to the GY: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; change it to face-down Defense Position. You can only use each effect of "Ninjitsu Art Notebook of Mystery" once per turn.
The equipped monster gains 500 ATK, also it is treated as a "Ninja" monster. You can only use each of the following effects of "Ninjitsu Art Tool - Iron Digger" once per turn. You can banish 1 "Ninja" monster from your GY, then target 1 card on the field; destroy it. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can target 1 of your banished "Ninja" monsters; add it to your hand or Special Summon it in face-down Defense Position.
This card is used to Ritual Summon any "Prediction Princess" Ritual Monster from your hand or GY in face-up Attack Position or face-down Defense Position. You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field, whose total Levels equal or exceed the Level of the Ritual Monster you Ritual Summon. During the Standby Phase, if you control a "Prediction Princess" Ritual Monster: You can banish this card from your GY; Special Summon 1 non-Ritual "Prediction Princess" monster from your Deck in face-down Defense Position.
Activate 1 of these effects; ●Special Summon 1 "Naturia" monster from your hand or GY. ●Immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 Synchro Monster, using monsters you control as material, including a "Naturia" monster. ●Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters you control as material, including a "Naturia" monster.
All "Dracoslayer" monsters on the field gain 300 ATK/DEF. You can only use each of the following effects of "Dragonic Pendulum" once per turn. If a Dragon "Dracoslayer" monster you control activates its effect (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it. If this card on the field is destroyed: You can either add to your hand or Special Summon 1 "Dracoslayer" or "Dracoverlord" monster from your Deck.
Your opponent cannot target face-down Defense Position monsters you control with card effects. Monsters you control that were flipped face-up while this card was face-up on the field gain 1500 ATK/DEF. If this card in its owner's Spell & Trap Zone is destroyed by an opponent's card effect: You can target 1 monster in your GY; Special Summon it in face-down Defense Position.
Shuffle 2 of your "Blackwing" monsters (1 Tuner and 1 non-Tuner) that are banished and/or in your GY into the Deck/Extra Deck; Special Summon 1 "Blackwing" Synchro Monster or "Black-Winged Dragon" from your Extra Deck whose Level equals the total Levels of those 2 monsters. (This is treated as a Synchro Summon.) If you control 2 or more "Blackwing" monsters, you can activate this card from your hand. You can only activate 1 "Blackwing - Twin Shadow" per turn.
When a Spell/Trap Card is activated: Remove 1 Black Feather Counter from your field; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. If you control "Black-Winged Dragon": You can Set this card from your GY, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use 1 "Black Shadow Squall" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
Once per turn, during the Main Phase, if you control a "Bystial" monster: You can Tribute 1 Dragon monster, then target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy it. During the End Phase: You can target 1 "Branded" Continuous Spell/Trap in your GY; place it face-up on your field. You can only use this effect of "Branded Beast" once per turn.
Tribute 1 "Scareclaw" monster, then target 2 cards your opponent controls; destroy them, and if you do, if you control "Visas Starfrost", banish those destroyed cards instead of sending them to the GY. If a Link-3 or higher monster is on the field: You can banish this card from your GY; for the rest of this turn, neither player can activate the effects of Link Monsters on the field. You can only activate 1 "Scareclaw Twinsaw" per turn.
During either player's turn: You can Special Summon 1 of your "Kashtira" monsters that is banished or in your hand. If your opponent activates a Trap Card or effect, you control a "Kashtira" monster, and this card is already face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone: You can look at your opponent's hand, and if you do, banish 1 card from it face-down. You can only use each effect of "Kashtira Preparations" once per turn.
Activate this card by targeting 1 "Ninja" monster or 1 face-down Defense Position monster on the field; Tribute it, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Ninja" monster from your Deck. When this card leaves the field, send that monster to the GY. You can target 1 "Ninjitsu Art" Continuous Spell/Trap in your Spell & Trap Zone; return it to the hand. You can only use 1 "Ninjitsu Art of Dancing Leaves" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
This turn, neither player can Special Summon monsters with the same card types (Ritual, Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, or Link) they already control. If you do not control 2 or more of the same card types (Ritual, Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, or Link), all Ritual, Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, and Link Monsters you currently control gain 500 ATK. You can only activate 1 "Simul Archfiends" per turn.
Reveal 1 Ritual Monster in your hand; add 1 Ritual Monster with the same Level but a different name from your Deck to your hand. You can banish this card from your GY and send 1 Ritual Spell from your hand to the GY; this effect becomes that card's effect that Ritual Summons a monster when the card is activated. You can only use each effect of "Stars Align across the Milky Way" once per turn.
Add the bottom card of your Deck to your hand, then take 1 card from your Deck, shuffle, and place that card on the bottom of the Deck.
You can reveal this card and 1 Fiend monster in your hand; Special Summon 1 of them and discard the other. When a monster is destroyed by battle involving your Fiend monster, while this card is in your GY: You can add this card to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Zalamander Catalyzer" once per turn.
Change as many monsters on the field as possible to face-down Defense Position, then, if either player controls a face-up monster(s), they must send all face-up monsters they control to the GY.
"You can target 1 WATER monster in your GY; apply 1 of these effects, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except WATER monsters. ●(Only if the target has a Level) until the End Phase, this card's Level, also its name, become the same as that monster's. ●(Only if ""Umi"" is on the field), Special Summon that monster in Defense Position. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 ""Umi"" in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of ""Yorishiro of the Aqua"" once per turn."
If this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can place this card in your Pendulum Zone. If an "Amazoness" monster(s) is Special Summoned to your field, while this card is in your GY (except during the Damage Step): You can place this card in your Pendulum Zone. You can only use each effect of "Amazoness Golden Whip Master" once per turn.
If this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can place this card in your Pendulum Zone. If an "Amazoness" monster(s) is Special Summoned to your field, while this card is in your GY (except during the Damage Step): You can place this card in your Pendulum Zone. You can only use each effect of "Amazoness Silver Sword Master" once per turn.
If you control no monsters, or all monsters you control are "Amazoness" monsters: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can Set 1 "Amazoness" Spell/Trap or 1 "Polymerization" directly from your Deck, also you can only attack with "Amazoness" monsters for the rest of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Amazoness War Chief" once per turn.
If this card is in your hand or GY: You can target 1 "Amazoness" card you control, except "Amazoness Spiritualist"; you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except "Amazoness" monsters, also return the targeted card to the hand, and if you do, Special Summon this card. If this card is Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Polymerization" from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Amazoness Spiritualist" once per turn.
If this card is Fusion Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Amazoness" monster from your Deck. You can only use this effect of "Amazoness Augusta" once per turn. Your opponent cannot target other "Amazoness" cards you control with card effects, also they cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects. This card that was Fusion Summoned using "Amazoness Empress" and/or "Amazoness Queen" as material can make a second attack during each Battle Phase.
Monsters your opponent controls cannot attack monsters, except this one. You can target 1 "Amazoness" card you control and 1 Warrior "Amazoness" monster in your GY; destroy that card on the field, and if you do, Special Summon that other monster from the GY. This card cannot attack the turn you activate this effect. You can only use this effect of "Amazoness Pet Liger King" once per turn.
If this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can place this card in your Pendulum Zone. If an "Amazoness" monster(s) is Special Summoned to your field, while this card is in your GY (except during the Damage Step): You can place this card in your Pendulum Zone. You can only use each effect of "Amazoness Golden Whip Master" once per turn.
Your opponent cannot activate monster effects in response to the activation of your Normal Trap Cards. You can only use each of the following effects of "Lovely Labrynth of the Silver Castle" once per turn. You can target 1 Normal Trap in your GY; Set it to your field, but it cannot be activated unless you control a Fiend monster. If another monster(s) leaves the field by your Normal Trap effect (except during the Damage Step): You can destroy 1 card in your opponent's hand (at random) or their field.
Gains 400 ATK for each Normal Trap with different names in your GY. Monsters your opponent controls cannot target Fiend monsters for attacks, except "Labrynth Archfiend". You can only use each of the following effects of "Labrynth Archfiend" once per turn. If a Trap Card is activated (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card is Special Summoned: You can Set 1 Normal Trap that activates only when an attack is declared, directly from your Deck.
"You can send 1 Normal Trap from your hand or that's Set on your field to the GY; Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Fiend monster from your Deck in Defense Position, except ""Ariane the Labrynth Servant"". If another monster(s) leaves the field by your Normal Trap effect (except during the Damage Step): You can draw 1 card, then you can apply this effect. ●From your hand, either Special Summon 1 Fiend monster, or Set 1 Spell/Trap. You can only use each effect of ""Ariane the Labrynth Servant"" once per turn."
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Labrynth" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Arianna the Labrynth Servant". If another monster(s) leaves the field by your Normal Trap effect (except during the Damage Step): You can draw 1 card, then you can apply this effect. ●From your hand, either Special Summon 1 Fiend monster, or Set 1 Spell/Trap. You can only use 1 "Arianna the Labrynth Servant" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
(Quick Effect): You can send this card from your hand or field to the GY and discard 1 card; Set 1 "Labrynth" Spell/Trap from your hand or Deck. If a monster(s) leaves the field by your Normal Trap effect, while this card is in your GY (except during the Damage Step): You can add this card to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Labrynth Chandraglier" once per turn.
(Quick Effect): You can send this card from your hand or field to the GY and discard 1 card; Set 1 "Labrynth" Spell/Trap from your hand or Deck. If a monster(s) leaves the field by your Normal Trap effect, while this card is in your GY (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card. You can only use each effect of "Labrynth Stovie Torbie" once per turn.
(Quick Effect): You can discard this card; this turn, you can activate 1 Normal Trap Card that was Set this turn, if you control a "Labrynth" monster. If a card(s) is sent from your hand to the GY to activate your Normal Trap Card or your "Labrynth" card or effect, except "Labrynth Cooclock", while this card is in your GY (except during the Damage Step): You can add this card to your hand, or Special Summon it. You can only use each effect of "Labrynth Cooclock" once per turn.
If you activate a Set "Welcome Labrynth" Normal Trap, you can add this additional effect to that card's effect at resolution. ●Also after that, destroy 1 card on the field. If you activate a non-"Labrynth" Normal Trap Card (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon 1 Fiend monster from your hand or GY. You can only use each effect of "Labrynth Labyrinth" once per turn.
Target 2 of your "Labrynth" Spells/Traps that are banished or in your GY, except "Labrynth Set-Up"; shuffle them into the Deck, then if you control a Fiend monster, you can Set non-"Labrynth" Normal Traps with different names directly from your Deck equal to the number shuffled. You can only activate 1 "Labrynth Set-Up" per turn.
Special Summon 1 "Labrynth" monster from your Deck, also until the end of the next turn after this card resolves, you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Deck or Extra Deck, except Fiend monsters. If a monster leaves the field by your Normal Trap effect, while this card is in your GY, except the turn it was sent there: You can Set this card. You can only use each effect of "Welcome Labrynth" once per turn.
When a monster declares an attack, while you control a Fiend monster: Target 1 card on the field; negate the attack, and if you do, destroy that targeted card, then, you can Set 1 non-"Labrynth" Normal Trap from your hand or Deck.
When you activate a Set Normal Trap Card, except "Labrynth Barrage": This effect becomes that Normal Trap's effect when that card is activated, also until the end of your opponent's next turn after this card resolves, your opponent takes no effect damage from your card effects.
If you control a Fiend monster: Target 1 card on the field; destroy it, then, you can send 1 Fiend monster from your Deck to the GY.
You can activate "Runick" Quick-Play Spell Cards from your hand during your opponent's turn. Once per turn, if you activate a "Runick" Quick-Play Spell Card: You can target up to 3 "Runick" Quick-Play Spells in your GY; place them on the bottom of your Deck in any order, then draw the same number of cards.
Each time a Quick-Play Spell Card activates: Banish the top card of your opponent's Deck. You can only control 1 "Runick Allure".
Activate 1 of these effects, but skip your next Battle Phase after activation; ●Add 1 "Runick" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Runick Tip", then banish the top card of your opponent's Deck. ●Special Summon 1 "Runick" monster from your Extra Deck to the Extra Monster Zone. You can only activate 1 "Runick Tip" per turn.
Activate 1 of these effects, but skip your next Battle Phase after activation; ●Target 1 Special Summoned monster your opponent controls; destroy it, then banish the top 2 cards of your opponent's Deck. ●Special Summon 1 "Runick" monster from your Extra Deck to the Extra Monster Zone. You can only activate 1 "Runick Flashing Fire" per turn.
Activate 1 of these effects, but skip your next Battle Phase after activation; ●Target 1 Spell/Trap your opponent controls; destroy it, then banish the top 4 cards of your opponent's Deck. ●Special Summon 1 "Runick" monster from your Extra Deck to the Extra Monster Zone. You can only activate 1 "Runick Destruction" per turn.
"Activate 1 of these effects, but skip your next Battle Phase after activation; ●If your opponent adds a card(s) from their Deck to their hand, except during the Draw Phase, discard 1 random card from their hand, then banish the top 2 cards of their Deck. ●Special Summon 1 ""Runick"" monster from your Extra Deck to the Extra Monster Zone. You can only activate 1 ""Runick Dispelling"" per turn."
"Activate 1 of these effects, but skip your next Battle Phase after activation; ●Target 1 Effect Monster your opponent controls; negate its effects (until the end of this turn), then banish the top 3 cards of your opponent's Deck. ●Special Summon 1 ""Runick"" monster from your Extra Deck to the Extra Monster Zone. You can only activate 1 ""Runick Freezing Curses"" per turn."
"Activate 1 of these effects, but skip your next Battle Phase after activation; ●Target 1 face-up monster on the field; the next time that monster would be destroyed by battle or card effect this turn, it is not destroyed, also it cannot attack this turn, then (after applying this effect) banish the top 3 cards of your opponent's Deck. ●Special Summon 1 ""Runick"" monster from your Extra Deck to the Extra Monster Zone. You can only activate 1 ""Runick Slumber"" per turn."
Activate 1 of these effects, but skip your next Battle Phase after activation; ●Your opponent draws 1 card, then you banish the top 4 cards of their Deck. ●Special Summon 1 "Runick" monster from your Extra Deck to the Extra Monster Zone. You can only activate 1 "Runick Golden Droplet" per turn.
Activate 1 of these effects, but skip your next Battle Phase after activation; ●Banish cards from the top of your opponent's Deck, up to the number of cards they control. ●Special Summon 1 "Runick" monster from your Extra Deck to the Extra Monster Zone. You can only activate 1 "Runick Smiting Storm" per turn.
If this card is Special Summoned from the Extra Deck: You can discard 1 card; add 1 "Runick" Field Spell from your Deck to your hand. If another card(s) you control would be destroyed by card effect, you can banish this card you control instead. If this card on the field is destroyed by battle or card effect: Return this card to the Extra Deck.
If this card is Special Summoned from the Extra Deck: You can discard 1 card; add 1 "Runick" Continuous Spell from your Deck to your hand. When your opponent activates a card or effect that targets a "Runick" card(s) you control or a Set card(s) you control (Quick Effect): You can banish this card you control; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. Once per turn, during the End Phase: Gain 1000 LP.
If this card is Special Summoned from the Extra Deck: You can target 1 "Runick" Spell in your GY, except a Quick-Play Spell; add it to your hand. Cannot be destroyed by card effects. When this card is destroyed by battle: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it.
If you control an "Exosister" monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, then if you control "Exosister Stella", you gain 800 LP. If your opponent moves a card(s) out of either GY (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Exosister" Xyz Monster using this face-up card you control as material. (This is treated as an Xyz Summon.) You can only use each effect of "Exosister Elis" once per turn.
During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon 1 "Exosister" monster from your hand, then if you control "Exosister Elis", you gain 800 LP. If your opponent moves a card(s) out of either GY (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Exosister" Xyz Monster using this face-up card you control as material. (This is treated as an Xyz Summon.) You can only use each effect of "Exosister Stella" once per turn.
You can place 1 "Exosister" card from your hand on the bottom of the Deck; draw 1 card, then if you control "Exosister Sophia", you gain 800 LP. If your opponent moves a card(s) out of either GY (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Exosister" Xyz Monster using this face-up card you control as material. (This is treated as an Xyz Summon.) You can only use each effect of "Exosister Irene" once per turn.
If you control another "Exosister" monster: You can draw 1 card, then if you control "Exosister Irene", you gain 800 LP. If your opponent moves a card(s) out of either GY (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Exosister" Xyz Monster using this face-up card you control as material. (This is treated as an Xyz Summon.) You can only use each effect of "Exosister Sophia" once per turn.
Cannot be destroyed by battle with a monster Special Summoned from the GY. You can only use each of the following effects of "Exosister Mikailis" once per turn. If you control this card that was Xyz Summoned this turn by using an "Exosister" monster as material (Quick Effect): You can target 1 card your opponent controls or in their GY; banish it. You can detach 1 material from this card; add 1 "Exosister" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand.
Cannot be destroyed by battle with a monster Special Summoned from the GY. You can only use each of the following effects of "Exosister Kaspitell" once per turn. If this card is Xyz Summoned using an "Exosister" monster as material: Neither player can Special Summon monsters from the GYs for the rest of this turn. You can detach 1 material from this card; add 1 "Exosister" monster from your Deck to your hand.
Cannot be destroyed by the activated effects of monsters Special Summoned from the GY. You can only use each of the following effects of "Exosister Gibrine" once per turn. If you control this card that was Xyz Summoned this turn by using an "Exosister" monster as material (Quick Effect): You can target 1 Effect Monster your opponent controls; negate its effects until the end of this turn. You can detach 1 material from this card; for the rest of this turn, all Xyz Monsters you control will gain 800 ATK.
Cannot be destroyed by the activated effects of monsters Special Summoned from the GY. You can only use each of the following effects of "Exosister Asophiel" once per turn. If this card is Xyz Summoned using an "Exosister" monster as material: Neither player can activate card effects in the GY this turn. You can detach 1 material from this card, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; return it to the hand.
During the Main Phase: Pay 800 LP; add 1 "Exosister" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Exosister Pax", then, if you added a monster by this effect, you can Special Summon it if the other "Exosister" monster mentioned on it is on your field or in your GY. You can only activate 1 "Exosister Pax" per turn.
Pay 800 LP, then target 1 "Exosister" monster you control; Special Summon 1 "Exosister" Xyz Monster from your Extra Deck with a different name than the cards you control, by using that target as material. (This is treated as an Xyz Summon. Transfer its materials to the Summoned monster.) You can only activate 1 "Exosister Arment" per turn. You can only activate this card during your opponent's turn, unless your opponent controls a monster Special Summoned from the GY.
Neither player can target "Exosister" monsters you control with effects of monsters that were Special Summoned from the GY. You can only use each of the following effects of "Exosister Carpedivem" once per turn. If you Xyz Summon an "Exosister" monster: You can declare 1 card name; negate the activated effects and effects on the field of cards with that original name, until the end of this turn. When an attack is declared involving your "Exosister" monster: You can target 1 Spell/Trap your opponent controls; destroy it.
Pay 800 LP; choose 1 "Exosister" monster from your Deck, then take 1 other "Exosister" monster from your Deck that is mentioned on that monster, and Special Summon both, but shuffle them into the Deck during the End Phase, also for the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck, except "Exosister" monsters. You can only activate 1 "Exosister Vadis" per turn.
If you control no "Adventurer Token": Special Summon 1 "Adventurer Token" (Fairy/EARTH/Level 4/ATK 2000/DEF 2000), then if you do not control "Fateful Adventure", you can place 1 "Fateful Adventure" from your Deck face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone. You cannot activate the effects of monsters on the field the turn you activate this card, except Special Summoned monsters'. You can only activate 1 "Rite of Aramesir" per turn.
If you control an "Adventurer Token": You can Special Summon this card from your hand. You can banish this card from your hand or GY; add 1 "Rite of Aramesir" from your Deck or GY to your hand. If you control an "Adventurer Token": You can place 1 Field Spell that mentions "Adventurer Token" from your Deck face-up in your Field Zone. You can only use each effect of "Water Enchantress of the Temple" once per turn.
Cannot attack unless you control an "Adventurer Token". You can only use each of the following effects of "Magicore Warrior of the Relics" once per turn. If you control an "Adventurer Token": You can Special Summon this card from your hand. At the end of the Battle Phase, if your monster that mentions "Adventurer Token" battled: You can Set 1 Trap that mentions "Adventurer Token" directly from your Deck.
During the Main Phase, if you control no monsters, or control an "Adventurer Token" (Quick Effect): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. When a card or effect is activated while you control an "Adventurer Token" (Quick Effect): You can shuffle this card into the Deck, and if you do, negate that activation, and if you do that, destroy that card. You can only use each effect of "Wandering Gryphon Rider" once per turn.
Once per turn, the first time a monster you control equipped with an Equip Spell would be destroyed by battle, it is not destroyed. You can only use each of the following effects of "Fateful Adventure" once per turn. During your Main Phase: You can add 1 monster that mentions "Adventurer Token" from your Deck to your hand, then send 1 card from your hand to the GY. If a monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned: You can take 1 Equip Spell that mentions "Adventurer Token" from your Deck, and either add it to your hand or equip it to 1 "Adventurer Token" you control.
Equip only to a monster you control. You can only control 1 "Dunnell, the Noble Arms of Light". The equipped monster gains 500 ATK for each monster you control with a different name that mentions "Adventurer Token". If this card is sent to the GY: You can target 1 "Adventurer Token" you control; equip this card to that target. You can only use this effect of "Dunnell, the Noble Arms of Light" once per turn.
Equip only to a monster you control. You can only control 1 "Starlit Papillon". Monsters your opponent controls lose 500 ATK for each monster you control with a different name that mentions "Adventurer Token". If this card is sent to the GY: You can target 1 "Adventurer Token" you control; equip this card to that target. You can only use this effect of "Starlit Papillon" once per turn.
Equip only to a monster you control. You can only control 1 "Dracoback, the Rideable Dragon". You can only use each of the following effects of "Dracoback, the Rideable Dragon" once per turn. While this card is equipped to a non-Effect Monster: You can target 1 card your opponent controls; return it to the hand. If this card is sent to the GY: You can target 1 "Adventurer Token" you control; equip this card to that target.
If you control an "Adventurer Token": You can target 1 monster you control equipped with an Equip Card that mentions "Adventurer Token"; destroy as many monsters your opponent controls as possible with ATK less than or equal to that monster, then you can equip 1 Equip Spell that mentions "Adventurer Token" from your hand or GY to 1 monster you control. You can only activate 1 "Thunder Discharge" per turn.
If you control an "Adventurer Token": Special Summon up to 2 monsters from your hand and/or GY with different names (but banish them when they leave the field), then you can equip 1 Equip Spell that mentions "Adventurer Token" from your hand or GY to 1 monster you control. You can only activate 1 "Breath of Resurrection" per turn.
You can discard 1 "Dragunity" card; equip 1 Dragon "Dragunity" Tuner from your Deck to this card, also, you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Dragon monsters. You can only use this effect of "Dragunity Senatus" once per turn. If a "Dragunity" card(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can destroy 1 "Dragunity" card equipped to this card, instead.
If this card is Special Summoned: You can Normal Summon 1 "Noble Knight" monster during your Main Phase this turn, in addition to your Normal Summon/Set (you can only gain this effect once per turn), also, you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except "Noble Knight" monsters.
When this card is activated: You can add 1 "Dual Avatar" monster from your Deck to your hand. If you control a "Dual Avatar" Effect Monster: You can Special Summon 1 "Dual Avatar Spirit Token" (Warrior/LIGHT/Level 2/ATK 0/DEF 0), also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Fusion Monsters. You can only use this effect of "Perfect Sync - A-Un" once per turn. You can only activate 1 "Perfect Sync - A-Un" per turn.
When you take effect damage (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, gain LP equal to the damage you took. You take no effect damage.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Amorphous Persona". If this card is Ritual Summoned: Your opponent skips their next Main Phase 1. Negate the effects of face-up Fusion, Synchro, and Xyz Monsters while they are on the field. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Dracoverlord" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Amorphactor Pain, the Imagination Dracoverlord".
You can also Xyz Summon this card by using a "Number 32: Shark Drake" you control as the Xyz Material. (Xyz Materials attached to that monster also become Xyz Materials on this card.) During either player's turn, if your Life Points are 1000 or less: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card and banish 1 monster from your Graveyard to target 1 face-up monster on the field; that target's ATK and DEF become 0 until the End Phase.
If this face-up card in its owner's control leaves the field because of an opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon 2 "Krawler" monsters with different names from your Deck in face-down Defense Position, except "Krawler Receptor". You can only use each effect of "Krawler Receptor" once per turn.
Once per turn, if a "Noble Knight" card(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can destroy 1 Equip Card you control instead. During your Main Phase: You can banish this card (until the next Standby Phase), and if you do, place 1 "Noble Knights of the Round Table" from your hand, Deck, or GY, face-up in your Field Zone, then you can Special Summon 1 "Artorigus" monster, or add to your hand 1 "Noble Arms" card, from your Deck or GY. You can only use this effect of "Camelot, Realm of Noble Knights and Noble Arms" once per turn.
Special Summon this card as a Normal Monster (Psychic/DARK/Level 4/ATK 1900/DEF 2500) (this card is also still a Trap), then you can Special Summon 1 Machine "Time Thief" monster from your hand, Deck, or GY. If you control an Xyz Monster(s) that has both a Spell and a Trap as material: You can banish this card from your GY; banish 1 card on the field. You can only use each effect of "Time Thief Power Reserve" once per turn.
If you have a "SPYRAL" card on your field or in your GY: You can Special Summon this card from your hand to your opponent's field in Defense Position (but it cannot be Tributed, nor be used as material for a Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, or Link Summon), then both players reveal the top card of their Deck. You can only use this effect of "SPYRAL Double Agent" once per turn. All "SPYRAL" monsters on the field gain 500 ATK, also "SPYRAL Super Agent" on the field can attack directly.
